{"title": "Helios Coffee Table In Walnut Finish", "price": "\u20b9 5,000", "savings": "Save \u20b9 5,000", "description": "It is made of 18mm pre laminated engineered wood with a high screw holding capacity which makes it extremely durable. The load bearing capacity increases the life of the furniture as it can bear the weight of any article. The legs made up of high quality CRCA coated metal legs which ensures longevity. 3D woodgrain membrane thermofoil coating on the sides makes it resistant to any heat, scratch, moisture and strain.  Primary Material: Engineered wood Style: Contemporary Type: Coffee table Colour Shade: Walnut Contemporary design The contemporary design of the table is perfect brighten up your living space. Durability The high quality CRCA coating makes it extremely durable and resistant to heat, strain, scratch and moisture. Sturdy design The high screw holding capacity increases its weight bearing capacity making it suitable for long-term sitting. Termite resistantWooden panels are pretreated which makes it resistant to pests and termites. Accessories shown in the image are only for representation and are not part of the product. Depending on your screen settings and resolution on your device there may be a slight variance in fabric color and wood polish of the image and actual product. Wood grains will vary from product to product . Furniture having intricate hand-painted details are individual unique pieces and may have slight distinctions and variance between the picture and actual product. The Primary material is the main material used to manufacture the product and in addition to the primary material there might also be other type of materials used in the manufacturing of the product", "Brand": "Home Centre", "Dimensions(In Inches)": "H 14 x W 35 x D 24", "Weight": "15 KG", "Warranty": "12 Months' Warranty", "Assembly": "Assembly by Brand", "Primary Material": "Engineered Wood", "Room Type": "Living Room", "Top Material": "Engineered Wood", "Dimensions (In Centimeters)": "H 35.6 x W 88.9 x D 61", "Sku": "FN1898855-S-PM35387"}