{"title": "Troy Book Shelf in Light Charcoal Grey Colour", "price": "\u20b9 3,263", "savings": "Save \u20b9 1,237", "description": "A stylish wooden book case is the most functional way of adding some personality to the room. The 3 levels of the cabinet offer a sturdy storage space that can support the heaviest of books or any other household items. It is a standout addition to Nilkamal s range of multipurpose home furniture and can be used as storage or a book case as well as a display unit. The structurally strong design is well suited for corner spaces or lobbies/passages because of its basic dimensions 890 mm in height, 450mm in width and 292 mm in depth. It is made of 15 mm thick particleboard, with PU paper lamination to protect it from stains and moisture. All this makes it a durable piece of furniture and lends it a vibrant finish. The deep brown shade is a classic when it comes to home furniture, and beautifully compliments the room's d cor. The unit is versatile whether it s a bedroom or a study, it fits in with any space. The smooth surfaces also make it easy to clean and maintain. You can just wipe it with a clean dry cloth. Add some character to any room with this dependable book case. Made of 15 mm thick particleboard with PU paper lamination. 3 Level cabinet with Shutters (Doors) on all the levels. Multipurpose -Can be used as bookcase, display unit etc. Plastic bushes on the edges touching the floor. Accessories shown in the image are only for representation and are not part of the product. Depending on your screen settings and resolution on your device there may be a slight variance in fabric color and wood polish of the image and actual product. Wood grains will vary from product to product in case of solid wood furniture. Furniture having intricate hand-painted details are individual unique pieces and may have slight distinctions and variance between the picture and actual product. The Primary material is the main material used to manufacture the product and in addition to the primary material there might also be other type of materials used in the manufacturing of the product", "Brand": "Nilkamal", "Dimensions(In Inches)": "H 35.4 x W 16.9 x D 11.8", "Weight": "14 KG", "Warranty": "12 Months' Warranty", "Assembly": "Carpenter Assembly", "Primary Material": "Engineered Wood", "Product Rating": "5", "Dimensions (In Centimeters)": "H 89.9 x W 42.9 x D 30", "Sku": "FN1960617-S-PM28470"}